Add some info such as the following

Engages your audience. Short and to the point and towards your audience.

Canvas profile
Greetings everyone, my name is Jeffrey Chau and I am a proud Chinese and Vietnamese descent. I am an first generation American born and raised in Washington state. Being a first generation, I was taught a lot about my culture from both Vietnam and China. I appreciate my previous generations for granting me the opportunity to live in the US. I value my elders because that is what I was taught when I was younger. I hope to be able to meet everyone while I pursue an career in technology.

Portfolio
Jeffrey Chau is a Chinese American who is aspiring to get into the app development field. He was born and raised in Washington state and is a first generation American. Having won his first-place chess trophy in the 6th grade, he gained many logical problem-solving skills at a young age. During high school Jeffrey attended Mount Rainier high school and completing his IB diploma when he graduated. After High school Jeffrey immediately wanted to try as many technology classes as possible and attended Highline College to get his AS in computer science. He is currently a student at year up aspiring to gain communicative skills that will launch his career in the technology field.

LinkedIn
I am a first-generation Chinese American pursuing an career in software development.  My dream career in app development because I believe that the industry in smart phones have grown in high demand in this current generation. I enjoy making apps and testing different types apps. In my free time I like to play chess and would be willing to play with anyone. I am a focused person and I could play chess for hours. I also practice Chau’s kung fu which was developed by one of my previous older generation family members. As an aspiring developer I am willing to learn more technologies. I have an AS in computer science and have experience in android app development, java, python and C++.

As a presenter
Hello everyone, my name is Jeffrey Chau. I was born and raised in Washington from an 1st generation household. I have an older brother and younger sister, making me the middle child. I have family all over the world because the Chau family tree is very ancient. However closest family is from California and Washington. My family is traditional, and I was raised to always respect my elders.  Every time I enter a household, I am required to greet everyone. Family reunions would be me searching for each one for 30 minutes. I think of the workplace as a household where I need to show respect and listen to my superiors. I hope to be able to greet everyone, thank you for your time.

Powerful 1st sentence, an impression about yourself. Example an obstacle that you are overcoming.
Tell a story about an accomplishment and how you are unique.
A call to action that tells them about you.
What makes you different from the crowd.
3rd person, how you look from the outside.
